the United Ashtray Company where at war with the Drone Runway Inspectorate. In order to win the war the Drone Runway Inspectorate had to purchase The United Drone Runway Corporation before the United Ashtray Company could register the United Swilka Ashtray Company. 

A militand offshoot of the united Drone Inspectorate where getting impatient about having to postpone planting and where making good use of their geo control technology to prepare the soil for the delays it would take to get planting season underway. Bahat Scuish was played all over the city. From the taxi cabs to the networks of dwellers in the plantations above the old town. It would take a lot of effort to produce their districts quota and given that a large proportion of their growing area was given over to the worlds second largest greenhouse many of the towns inhabitants had chosen to move into the food plantations above the treetops. 

Sioniertta General Jessica Scot was lapdancing in a westend dive bar. The music blasting from the speakers and the midday sun meant an army of empty seats where between anyone and the door. They where several canopys up and there was very little to drink. She had a large todo list and her situation was not helped by the banks decision to close until the end of easter. 

Lucifarian General Billy Racoon was sitting at home in extreame discormfort. It had been a real shock to find himself in zero gravity. It was all he could do to keep himself in place and tend to his crops. It was harvest day tomorrow and he had seen this years radish crop already and it was a tough buy in. 

Across the bay teams of Squirrels hurry along the cliffside towards their cave. They where late to hear their leader speak and turning the corner they could just make out "we are going to focus on magento. more specifically the creation of a properly namespaced and reuasable gitignore file which will be suitable for use in any magento projection. to record thjk process we are goign to use a smarty like syntax. This will be good for seo and out our customers will be happy"

The war had began when the director of the incorporate polinka ashtray company had refused to pay his bill to barclays. Cheif Slogun Sorry Mum of the Confederate Apache Milwalki Section had been stranded inside an abandoned building for three weeks now. He was currently hanging upside down by inside of one his coat pockets.

Drake Dundee was at home eating chinese takeaway.. he knew there was a way to participate in the war effort but he just couldnt figure which of the two buttons on his screen he should press. outside his window he could here the chant of free radicals "no error if existing, make parent directories as needed" 